Xiaonuan
No Dream
How do we mother and daughter live?
You're going to school?
Marry in the future
Mom's body is getting worse day by day
Maybe.
When will it be gone?
But what do you do?
Mom
Don't worry, I will definitely give you a small way.
I will definitely find Shunyuan for you.
To change the water for you
Don't worry, silly boy.
And how much will thatsetmeback?
We don't have that kind of money.
My poor child.
Damn it, mom, sorry for you.
You shouldn't have to suffer like this with me
Ha ha.
Then be careful to return home this time.
My body is completely healed
But warm that little bitch
Been with Liu Cautious for more than half a month
There must have been physical contact
In case he sleeps cautiously, he is pregnant
Will definitely use this to threaten us in the future
Don't worry, Mom will solve this matter.